A true lady can eat well the emperor.
My lord, why do you keep talking?
Why, I don’t listen to my wife,
Maybe you have to speak for others.
Don't just worry, the emperor has taken care of things.
Queen Mother, Queen Mother, you know.
I also feel that if I educate others about the emperor, they don’t understand me.
The emperor cannot educate others casually,
Do you have a cure for this disease?
The meeting will happen immediately, and you will need a prescription.
Do you know what disease the emperor is suffering from?
Do you know how to prescribe medicine?
By the time you get the medicine prescribed, I'm afraid you've already taken it.
Doctor Wang is an old man in the palace
Never made a mistake
Ah Jia believes in his Queen Mother
The emperor's condition is urgent
I can't bear the insult anymore
Otherwise, it would be unreasonable not to talk about Dr. Wang.
Don't you dare hurry up
Come up with your prescription
Yes, the Queen Mother
The emperor cannot bear to be insulted by Bijing
Queen Mother Jing believes in becoming a married woman once
As an adult, I guarantee you can
How can the emperor guarantee this?
If this is wrong
The emperor's fate
You can't afford to accompany me
An adult woman is sure, but since
There is nothing the imperial doctor can do
The emperor has no choice but to
If the baby writes, writes, writes, writes, writes, writes, writes, writes, writes, writes, writes
Write, write, write, write, write, write, write, write, write, write, write, write, write, write, write, write, write, write, write, write
Write, write, write, write, write, write, write, write, write, write, write, write, write, tell the truth to the princess, Queen Mother
The priest has one more request
It was during the period of military preparation
Everyone has to go out and wait
I can't be disturbed. Thank you, Queen Mother.
During this period, if you don’t choose, you won’t lose.
Analysis of the Internet industry's laissez-faire attitude
Just give me to you to beg everyone
Guangshang won't be killed by his subordinates, right?